---
layout: post
title: Recipes
date: 2020-02-06
categories: [cooking]
id: 5
comment: true
---

# Rating scales

Note: scores here are on the scale of 1 to 10.

- Healthiness:

| 0  | 5 | 10 | 
|----|---|----|
|Instant Ramen | Steak | Balanced Dish |

# Microwave Bacon Egg

## Ingredients

- 2 eggs
- 1-2 bacon
- spices you like

## Steps

1. Put the bacon into a microwavable bowl then into the microwave.
2. Turn on high heat for 2 mins until the fat has completely melted.
3. Break 2 eggs and mix with the oil/fat from the bacon. Add your favorite spices.
4. Put it back to the microwave and cook it for 60-90 secs. Look out for overflow.
5. Add a little more spices on top and enjoy.
---
- Healthiness: 1
- Taste: 8
- Texture: 8

# Stir-fried Corn Meal and Scrambled Eggs
## Ingredients

- Corn Meal
- 2 Eggs
- salt & pepper

## Steps

1. Mix water with corn meal into something crepe-like but thicker batter.
2. Spray/Rub some oil on the pan, and pour the batter (you can put a little more than you do when making crepe).
3. Cook until the starch is cooked.
4. Use a spatula to break it down to texture of scrambled eggs.
5. Mix the yolk and egg white and pour it into the pan.
6. Continue to stir fry until the egg has golden color.
7. Add a pinch of salt and pepper (or your favorite spices here)
---
- Healthiness: 5
- Taste: 7
- Texture: 7

# It's not a Curry 烩菜  (braised dishes)
## Ingredients
- 1 onion
- 1 tomato or a can of chopped tomatoes
- coconut milk
- baked tofu or extra-firm tofu
- lemon grass (optional)
- 粉丝 (fensi, glass noodles or cellophane noodles; often made of mung bean starch or sweet potato starch) (Highly Recommand!)
- meatballs (optional)
- your favorite veggies
- whatever you would like to add
- turmeric powder, coriander powder, paprika powder, garlic cloves or paste, ginger root or paste, scallions (optional)
# Steps
1. Chop up the onions and tomatoes.
2. Get a pot, heat up the oil at medium heat. Fry the onions, then garlic and ginger.
3. Put 1-2 teaspoons of turmeric powder and paprika into the pot. Then add tomatoes.
4. Stir fry for 3 mins.
5. Add coriander powder and coconut milk.
6. Put in lemon grass, meatballs, tofu, or other things that last long in the pot.
7. Cook for a while and put in the noodles, veggies, scallion and anything else that does not last long.
8. Cook for a while and then you can enjoy.

